[IMP] POS: homepage update (#13761)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/configuration.rst

:show-toc:
:show-content:

=============
Configuration
=============

.. _pos/configuration/create-pos:

Create a POS
============

To create the initial POS of a database, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Dashboard` and
choose from one of the POS cards to generate a POS preconfigured to suit your business type.

To create additional POS or to create one from scratch, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale -->

> Configuration --> Point of Sales` and select :guilabel:`New`. Then, configure the :ref:`POS settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration --> Point of Sales` and click :guilabel:`New`. Then, configure the :ref:`POS settings
```

#. Select a product to open the product form.

> #. Tick the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` checkbox at the top of the form.

Reviewer: Taking into account my comment above, I would add a sentence to briefly mention creating products first, and then mention this option:

```suggestion
To create or configure products, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Products --> Products`. Click :guilabel:`New` to create a product, or open an existing one to edit it. Update the fields as needed and enable the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` checkbox at the top of the form to make the product available for sale.
```

Once POS product categories are created, **assign them to specific products**:

#. Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Products --> Products` and open a product form.
#. Navigate to the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` tab and fill in the :guilabel:`Category` field with one
   or multiple POS categories.

Restrict categories
-------------------

To limit the categories displayed on the POS register, navigate to the :ref:`POS settings
<pos/configuration/settings>` and choose the specific categories to display in the
:guilabel:`Restrict Categories` field within the :guilabel:`Product & PoS categories` section.

.. _pos/configuration/receipts:

Receipts
========

POS receipts display the following elements:

- The company logo
- The receipt and order number
- The customizable header and footer
- The cashier and customer names
- The complete order, discounts, prices, and used payment methods
- Optionally, a QR code or URL link for customer to generate invoices

To set up POS receipts, navigate to the :ref:`POS settings <pos/configuration/settings>` and scroll
down to the :guilabel:`Bills & Receipts` section.

> 

Reviewer: I'd remove the bold in the text below

- To **print receipts** automatically once a payment is registered, enable the :guilabel:`Automatic
  Receipt Printing` setting.
- To print receipts that don't display product prices, enable the :guilabel:`Basic Receipt` setting.
- Receipts can be sent by email by default, but also by SMS or through WhatsApp. To do so, activate
  the :guilabel:`SMS Enabled` or :guilabel:`WhatsApp Enabled` option(s).

  .. note::
     If the :guilabel:`WhatsApp Enabled` setting is not available, :ref:`install <general/install>`
     the :guilabel:`WhatsApp Messaging` module.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`pos/restaurant/bills`
   - :doc:`../point_of_sale/configuration/epos_printers`

Reprint a receipt
-----------------

To reprint a receipt, navigate to the :ref:`POS interface <pos/open-register>`, click
:guilabel:`Orders`, open the dropdown selection menu next to the search bar, and change the default
:guilabel:`All active orders` filter to :guilabel:`Paid`. Then, select the order and click
:guilabel:`Print Receipt`.

.. tip::
   Filter the list of orders using the search bar: type in your reference and select
   :guilabel:`Receipt Number`, :guilabel:`Date`, or :guilabel:`Customer`.

> Store contact details

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand how this relates to receipts? Should this go on the "Use" page instead and be renamed to *Send marketing messages* to clarify the purpose of the section?

EDIT: actually, I noticed you removed all of the other info that was in pos_based_marketing.rst: any specific reason you decided to remove that file entirely and get rid of a lot of the information?
